and as we've been reporting Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is
expected to ask his cabinet to approve a
resolution opposing any what he called
unilateral recognition of a Palestinian
state for more on that let's bring in
Hamas Salud she's joining us live from
occupied East Jerusalem and nanyu really
doubling down on his position against a
Palestinian State saying it's a
unilateral imposition even though most
of the world supports it
Humber that's right the Israeli Prime
Minister releasing a statement saying
that Israel will continuously oppose a
Palestinian State saying that anything
that will be imposed on them from the
International Community will be rejected
saying that if there were to be a piece
agreement with the Palestinians that
would result in a state it would have to
be between the two parties without any
preconditions from the International
Community I have that statement here in
front of me that says Israel absolutely
rejects the international dictat
regarding the permanent arrangement with
the Palestinians so you can see the
Israeli Prime Minister is essentially
just reiterating his position since the
beginning of not only the war but this
has actually been his policy and it is
the policy of almost all of the
ministers within his government this is
Israel's most rightwing government in
its history and the United States
Israel's biggest Ally will not be so
happy about a statement like this though
it isn't a binding solution it is sort
of a declaration that for Netanyahu
while he's in power the Palestinian
State idea is simply off the table and
the Americans have been wanting to see a
Palestinian State sa supporters of a
two-state solution but the Israeli Prime
Minister coming out in full rejection of
that yet again ham thank you very much
for that ham Salud with the latest live
and occupied East Jerusalem